But there was working in the government's winning office in a room who had the secret not
only of the army and navy, but of just about every sense of government agency and existence.
But there was working in the composition room at the government's winning office, a man
who had been not only a communist, but who had taken papers and secrets from the government's
winning office, that night taken him home with him without authority.
Those facts were developed by Senator Dirtchen in executive session.
Public hearings were held and this man Edward Rothschild, his name was Dirtchen claimed
the Fifth Amendment before the Fifth Amendment, while currently working for the government's
winning office.
He claimed the Fifth Amendment has to whether he was currently in 1953 engaged in SDNG against
the United States in the government's winning office.
On the ground that if the answer questions had answered might tend to incriminate him.
There was a suspension of an army to call them, let's don't go in the certificate.
There is no part of the duty of the army to investigate the government winning office,
but it's none of the office.
That is an entire distinct and separate agency.
The only part of the army that happened is that the government planning office is a considerable
amount of secret work or classified work for the army.
I know that a couple of other agencies, which since they worked over to the government's
winning office, they came very much concerned as our investigation got underway and the
Fifth Amendment remains to be made.
I don't recall that we heard any.
Now, where are the suspensions in the government winning office?
There were a call and number.
I think that I want to check this.
I think there was 13 or 15 and there was a lot more than suspension.
By the way, I said we can't want to ask you this question, Mr. Koon.
During the period, this obvious investigation of the government winning office, those
were an option of the McCarthy and you are you.
Calls to be subpoenaed and appeared in the service and the required to appear in the
secretary's station, members of the lawyelry board.
They appeared not only in executive session, but they had been testified fully in both executive
and public sessions.
With any question raised at that time about your authority, they had the members of the
law in the board, so could you none of all.
Was there any presidential or other directly for anything such as being Mr. Koon?
No, a situation of any presidential director or a blackout order or anything else was made.
They all changed.
They all testified and the head of the government's printing office gave us not only
looked at the service, but so in complete cooperation.
Now Mr. Koon, in order to channel our course of investigation, let's have you here for
a moment.
The target.
The target being now as I have a himmdom to be first, that the army of Mr. Koon and Mr.
Adam, talk to the spreaders, the work of the importance of the work of the McCarthy
Committee.
Right or not?
The search.
Number one.
You saw the open saying the army and I wonder if I might say this.
I see it, I'm not.
I'm just just the even on.
I want to say it.
I'm not going to get one.
I'm going to say it again.
There are any hearings.
This committee never investigated the United States Army as such.
I know the Committee has chairman, as members in myself, other secret respect for the United
States Army as they have the government of which it's applied.
We have no respect for the communists who have infiltrated this.
No proof of communists.
We have infiltrated that great army, all for the people in that great army who have covered
up this communist infiltration.
And that is what we investigate.
They were not the army.
That's the huge number one charge in the specifications of Mr. Koon and Mr. Adam.
That's the way.
I have a number one charge in the McCarthy Committee.
So on that, we did not make charges.
We gave an answer.
We told us the facts were as we saw it.
We did not make charges.
We initiated nothing.
We were going about out this.
I know, ma'am, it's Koon and we're getting along wonderfully now.
If you just move me directly, thank you, sorry, I'm sure that I think it'd be the greatest
ex-provider that's ever thought about in this case.
All right, I'm doing it so far and I compliment you for doing it.
Thank you.
But number one charge, our number one allegation or statement, we're not going to different
NJs between those words.
Any document prepared as my request to the Johnson for this committee is that Mr. Steven
and Mr. Adam thought to this committee the words are the importance of the words of the
McCarthy Committee is that right or not?
Suspension.
Suspensionally, yes, there was public.
Number two.
When you made a statement, what the public should do?
I don't know if there are any allegation.
What I'm trying to do is dismiss the charges.
I would like to give specific facts, specific statements, and try to avoid characterizing, generally,
what people's sounded like or what their emotions were, things that I can write.
Number two, it is a label to be stated in the documents prepared by you and Senator McCarthy
that Mr. Steven and Mr. Adam thought to this event or bring about a miscontinuous hearing
vestigation of size, subversive, and persecuted in the Army, in that case.
I did.
And particularly, a Ford Mama.
That is true.
And, certainly and likely, that there was an attempt on the part of Mr. Steven and Mr. Adam.
Perhaps you'll see the documents a substantial attempt to prevent Senator McCarthy and Mr.
and the Investigating members of the Lawyer's Board.
Is that right?
That is true.
Now, two of those three statements are charges and I'll probably refer to Mr. Chigley's
In place in the main, the allegations of Senator McCarthy and Mr. Cohn, I guess Mr.
Steven and Mr. Adam.
So, certainly, essentially, an essential part of the pick list.
All right.
Now, then, Mr. Cohn, as I say, for the purpose of the right to die in the James, we want to channel our confession within the area and bounds of those three allegations.
When the Democratic Committee began investigating the infiltration of subversive fires of furlough in the United States Army, very shortly after the committee was organized, I would say it's our February of 1950s.
I was the nature of that work.
Well, I didn't really need to know this.
Not at all.
I wanted to give you all the information.
The thing came about in this way.
We received information, various members of the Fair Freed, these information, that the Communist Party in this country, as another country, was trying to and has succeeded to some extent in infiltrating the United States Army and various of its installations.
That was a historically known fact that they were trying to do that.
I don't think they can be any bad about it.
And on that point, there is just one paragraph I wanted to read to you, which I think makes this picture quite clear.
You need to know that paragraph, Mr. Jenkins, comes from the 21 conditions of admission into the Communist International, which is this worldwide communist conspiracy, thinking the destruction of this nation and every other nation.
And that paragraph concerns the Communist plan to infiltrate armies in three countries of the world and it reaches the obvious.
The obligation to spread communist ideas includes the particular necessity of persistent, systematic, top-against in the UN.
For other top-against is forbidden by exceptional laws.
It must be carried on illegally.
The abandonment of such work with the equivalence of the trail of revolutionary duty and is incompatible with membership in the third international.
The, that and the revolutions of the 6th world congress, one sentence of which we, revolutionary work in the army must be organized and openly advocated.
I think make it very clear that a day of historical matter, down through the years, up through and including the present day, one of the principal aims of the communist conspiracy has been the infiltration of our military.
And you say that the poem that you started to ground or space words in the early part of 1953 is the best I can find.
Did you actually participate in that?
Yes. Are the members of your time?
Yes. And it turns into a kind of defense?
Yes.
When did you first start hearing some information of the virtues in the army?
Well, before we had hearing, sir, we conducted what's known as a preliminary investigation and assembled the general areas of information on ground.
We interviewed with the chief.
Yes, sir. We interviewed with the chief.
Yes, sir. We interviewed with the chief. Yes, sir. We interviewed with the chief. We interviewed various documents and information and we came to, I would say, three or four brief concludes.
Mr. Cohn, if you know about a new and different set up in the form of a presidential direct directive of April 27th, 1953, under new administration, I did.
I would ask you what the effect that has with respect to your investigation in so far as it related to a broadening of the area of your investigation, are a relaxation of previous rules pertaining to your investigation?
So I believe you refer to the directive of the President Administration issued by President Heisenhard, which provided for a chain.
I'm not talking about the one now, May 17th.
No, sir.
No, no, the one of April 27th. I've left here. Yes, sir. The directive, sir, which provided for some relaxation and for review of loyalty procedures and review of cases involving possible security risks and cuttings.
I thought the directive came out.
And as a result of that, you say that you had, which I would say, is through your hand with respect to conducting your investigation, so some extent.
Yes, we did. Now you were telling about the work you were doing prior to your hearings, when I intellect you give, you may proceed along that line of direct testimony, if you will.
So, I'll decide.
Time, I think what I'd like to do is to deliver a few minutes to Jenkins, to summarize the areas of information which reached the Sun Committee and the Cross of the Civil and Military Investigation.
You may now do so.
Pretty soon as the February, in fact, I think around the beginning of March, the staff obtained from people who had formerly been in the Communist Movement, specific details about what the Communist Infernoity had done to infiltrate the United States Army and to place Communists and keep places sensitive places in the Army in this country.
The Civil and Civilist Submitted Committee, a somewhat detailed memorandum which I have here, and will not be found, containing information about the number of Communists in the military, containing information about various things the Communists had done.
We get their members in the military, in radar laboratory, and explaining why it was essential for the Communists, for purposes of SD and IRG, fabricized, for the purposes of recruiting other people in the military into the party to bring about this infiltration.
The Crown Pardon me in the Reption.
Would you share your style of the document to which you just referred as the Illuminati Assembly?
I would be very glad to do that.
If you would not be, you would not be, you would not be, you would not be, you would not be speaking.
Sir, I would like to go over that with Senator McCarthy during the noon hour. My opinion is that we will be glad to go under the Constitution.
I would like to continue with you, Director.
After receiving this memorandum in March on Communists, that's entitled Communists Infiltration of the American Armed Forces.
After that was submitted to us in March, the staff interviewed a number of witnesses, went over a lot of documents and came...
Well, this callatory is going on between Senator McClellan and Mr. Jenkins,
let's return to our studio at the cost of the country to prepare our stations to identify themselves.
What is it?
Let me go out here, Mr. Coz.
Yes, sir. I didn't get you my statement. I'm sorry.
I don't know what I was, so I think I said that after that memorandum was submitted to the committee that memorandum clarified and re-paid at the time.
Let's remember them. Let's just switch to just before.
Yes, timing is simple.
Senator McClellan is interested in knowing a little more about it. Now whom was that memorandum prepared?
I would like to ask this if I may.
Now I've got a thing to tell you.
You say you want to consult with Senator McClellan before you do so.
I'm a questioner by whom I want to prepare and on the questioner following and by the professor of Senator McClellan during the noon hour,
I think that I will be able to...
I don't know if this was submitted document.
I mean, is it a committed document?
I'm asking you not to come across it.
You all know.
I was talking with the Minister of Justice, sir, and I submitted it to the chairman of the committee.
Now, if it is a committed document, I thank you for the medical statement, sir, for the little things.
I'm just a small piece of work, sir, of course, and just a large piece of work.
Brother Paul, we can start.
I'm sorry, sir. I'd be very happy if you wanted to join us to lead with the professor,
and maybe anybody else, under the cloud enough, anyone's the judge, and go over this question.
I'm sure that we will make the document available.
A little bit.
There is a specific committee document, might we not look at it?
I was not very as careful in that.
The first time there was a few moments ago, I have not seen it.
I don't know the common name.
As I am the candidate, Cohn, I've been there for the second, the second, the second, the second.
I've been there for the second.
I'm the candidate, sir.
Two of you are here.
Two of you, sir.
I'm going to ask you a question.
If you come in the origin of that document, I'm not about the high-end appeal.
I will work with you.
I'm here.
I'm going to ask you a question.
We are going to be a brief resource here for about two minutes while I'm a spirit.
Cohn and Senator McCarty leave the caucus room for sharing the extended requirements of the way.
We were trying to read on the telephone a gentleman who prepared this,
a request of a committee back way at Smarge, to get his permission.
We have that permission.
We will be very happy to submit that document to the committee to tell you who wrote it
and to tell you what the second thing was about work.
And I might say this is the Jenkins' conclusion on this point.
There's a purchase of one of a large number of informational sources and documents which we obtain,
as far as this particular one is concerned, that is available.
Turn this on.
We found a coalition that's with our own known man, that is a committee document.
I'm sure it is, and it's because of yours, yours, yours, it is.
Yes sir, have members of this committee ever seen?
It has been available to them sir.
I don't know whether they have gone down to look at it.
Where has it been in the regular files of the subcommittee found in room 101,
on the subcommittee office, and it's much, very smart.
As any member of this committee has been applied, what have you questions about this?
I don't think there was any specific applyable and this particular memo I am interested.
I know that during the month when the investigation got underway,
there is a 50,000 in my area.
Why are there not the committee's subcommittee's?
We have just been to the press.
Let's turn it over to the committee.
We receive and we have literally, I believe, hundreds of over a thousand files.
We have all sorts of documents and memorandums.
I don't think it's ever been a practice to bring all of them up to each member of the committee.
What we have is all the same.
We know what else is about it.
Yes, but to turn them, they have heard of Martin's on all of them.
He needs to call the exact sums of himself and the committee.
Well, the way that's enough, Matthew, so if they have returned,
they work at the committee and have been specifically held up.
Mr. McPhall knows that he won't go down to the room.
With the file done, and if anybody wants to see, he knows that life's last and not.
That is why I'm running up to the office of Francis and giving this committee a day
to follow the last amount of information we have.
We have, and I'm sure this is a fair share of the residents we never agreed to.
We already have a council, so we go through those files that will.
And give any information to the... we're not in number.
Thank you, sir.
I've... I've made this, and what's wrong?
He's saying you can't send them to the members of the committee.
You have a staff member that has nothing else to do with.
Just make copies of the letters to them and give it up.
No, sir.
You do have a staff member?
Yes, I have a lot of money to do, then.
Make copies of them and ask them.
That's a problem, and they didn't know what's going on.
They have a lot more to do besides that.
Yes, sir.
They still make that, as they say.
That is a negative document.
And you get the wants of themselves for members of this committee.
You have that, so it means that they have a good number to send it from a cart here.
They're sending them a copy of the chairman of the committee.
I understand, but do some others have the wants to work beyond this committee?
I'm sure of it.
And you didn't want to come so far for that?
And you didn't?
Sir, I'd be properly honest.
I thought you was honest.
Mr. Coombe, before producing that document in evidence and filing it,
till it's precisely what it is, hundreds of them raised.
So all that says is that one of a number of informational forces it embraces
various facts about a tent from the part of the Communist Party.
So infiltrate the United States Army.
It contains an estimate made by the author of this document who was a communist himself
for a long period of time, specifically concerned with communist plans
to infiltrate the United States Army.
It contains estimates by him of the number of communists still in the United States Army
and some of its installations.
And other informational and historical facts about communist plans
to infiltrate the United States military establishments.
Now I have something of a shaking thing of the day.
And you just say that you have no objections to receiving the name of the person who prepared that document.
I have no objection.
I've talked about this yesterday.
The thing that the document was prepared as a reference of a fair filing
served four crowds who was currently a consultant for the immigration and naturalization service.
The United States government who has worked for the government both under the last administration
has been a witness before a grand jury and a trial.
I might say he was a witness of the Remington trial and which I played a part
and he's currently an employee of the United States government.
What is this document that you are about to tell together with other documents?
Yes, I mean, there's a basis of only two conducted and investigation of some persons in the Army.
This was one of many things.
I'm Mr. Jenkins.
The main and four.
The long ones are the basis for your investigation.
Yes, this is one of the things I might say.
The particular purpose of adherence to establish the date on which we were looking at the communist infiltration.
Now what date is this?
This is the establishment of March of 1953.
March 1953.
Yes sir.
We do now.
We do.
We do not prevent the emergency exit, let's keep them now.
What's the time?
Of course I'm following that.
I assume that's available to every member of the committee.
We have no opportunity to know it in advance unless we have the opportunity to see it.
It may be perfectly all right.
I'm not trying to keep the document out.
But I am trying to get the support and consideration for those over here on the minority side of this committee
who are not a part of the proceedings and is left and what's going on.
We'll have to study our enitment to file that to survive.
We'll go to justice, we'll be seen.
And that's the event is in my own way.
Now we just have to get through these files.
It will not be by the federal law and I'll go into it and submit anything you want me to.
I will submit that.
Let's see if that's the right-hide thing I'm going to submit.
So I'll sign the following.
We have a hearing sentence.
Yes.
Chairman.
And I'd like to say that if there's any lack of these any criticism because we have not made copies of these incidents mentioned with guns.
And giving copies to all members of the committee, that's all that's mine.
I've been very much of the staff of the chair now and they have an order to send their time investigating some of the problems and drives for them.
They file all of them to every member of the committee and I am a saying, uh, some of them.
Unless the committee changes the rules, I am not going to order my staff the fun of time,
typing out copies of all of them around them, sending it to all the members.
They file for available any hundred and ground look to them and will.
That's under rules and rather chairman.
They are following the chairman.
We have received the names and I assume they're in the file of the plain 133 commission about it and that's getting out of the floor.
How about your criticism?
You do it over a nine hundred.
No, you'll better be an information available to you.
So I don't know how I can edit except that.
But you're talking about the 100-deerties, talking about others and there's three commission that you want investigate.
And I have the name, but you have the name of the one of them yet.
I have the eight schools. I have the right to work in that case.
Mike, though I'd like to know some of them in advance.
I'd like to have a meeting with my informations.
I'm a poem man.
But I haven't fired up here day and night with this investigation.
I've honestly no time of the time.
Now that's one of the three of my objectilists.
I'm sure the president will continue to know.
As soon as we get to this, I'm sure the 100 mark-in-one knows that I haven't always completely signed with him.
He can have everybody picked with him.
It's all happened because you know I'm going to be responsible for the center of my concern.
I hope that I get a little bit of a picture of you now.
I think you know I never wanted to say, you know what's there.
And I thought I'm asking that.
You will have every piece of information done.
I'm very glad that you got brought up the question.
I'm here to meet you.
I hope you can be soon.
Yes.
Let's get on it.
I hope we're not going to engage now.
One, two months' additional call up wheel on our colleagues, because one statement came through it.
And she told another Mr. Chair, Rick, Nancy, and the president, Nancy, and one of my partners.
The chairman has done it on all the likes of they, something, and he's here.
That the chair doesn't point out until they meet here.
If all I would suggest you to make an appointment with him in the committee, is he going to make some statement whatsoever?
I would repeat a case and the chair, so I'll go to the police secretary, and pretend that I'm not a man.
The reason I asked you is to make my phone, because I think it's first and foremost, you may make it.
I can't stop it.
I wouldn't try.
I trust you wouldn't do it if you could.
I don't know exactly how it would be.
One thing I was trying to make sure was that the minority council tells me that he asked the committee for the name to be contested.
And of course, the reason is that the statement came to stand at the hospital, and it's turned out.
Thank you.
We're going to turn them.
Hello, my friend.
I beg your pardon. The council tell me he was not in that.
He just has not received me yet.
Now I'd like to ask you money asked for it.
They were asked for approximately 10 days a dollar.
My name is James Brown.
I've got a lot of the reasons why I want to get this hearing ended, just so that my staff can be in the position to find his son and her son and her father.
Anyone else in the information that they are entitled to?
But, uh, too. You know, you know, you know, the president of the president.
We said it.
Pull them tied up here.
You've had time, we'll be live.
You'll get today. Now he's back in his job.
Well, is there any, is there any information?
Well, if you want, you will get a period.
Accept, man, say.
Accept.
You're the only six, but by one of my fellow colleagues the other day.
But he would not hesitate to make no money of the informal.
He's dealed with that.
Uh, before I give any information to anyone.
Even members of the committee, which was opposed, not those informants that I've taken up with the committee.
I still have got a rather sacred trust on man who's been working government-given for my last specific job.
Who was the only of that he had given that information?
The private, and the last time it was on the 50th of summer.
The other day when I took the time, the press arose, but I could get out and give out the name of this.
Uh, I thought, uh, the strong man gave me the resume of the FBI file.
Now I read a story on the paper about the first three days later, and again, I don't think it'll go in your response to the news reports.
Goodbye, I think it'll be a great surprise for me to make sure that I don't have that information.
Your statement, if I have a report, will be a fact that you've not perhaps not only the man who gave me the information about cabinet.
But also some of them are passing.
Might be guilty of a crime, you know.
I repeat that statement, sir. I do not believe you can receive information that is obtained by criminal means and only in your possession without the authority of you to be in guilty thrice.
Well, now, uh, anyone wants to indict you that you're innocent?
Well, that's not a matter of legal opinion.
Let me say this, Thunder.
But this is not the restricted information that you have in any further committees.
Uh, Thunder, let me say this.
We now have you on record a thing that you feel that the man who gave me the information about tracing the government, but what's it?
Nothing much, but he should be prosecuted.
I didn't say that. I don't have to.
If you're administration, the chief law enforcement officer's a land, he's looking for it and in fire and determined what action should be taken.
The Sun's underline. I'm not passing on the final mayor's office.
The Sun's underlifts. Let's get this to it.
I'm getting a long way to wait on these questions.
I know that. Let's tell my think we should have taken them out.
And you were my assignment and I think my plan is being well taken care of when you say a little statement, it doesn't encourage a lot.
Now, the chairman knew Thunder and McCullen sending me back to New Sun and McCullen's safe-muntly request.
I'd like to make it clear that I think that the folks which every person of government takes to protect and defend this country is all enemy-torn and domestic.
That's what powers power of any presidential sixth of the director.
And I will continue to receive information such as I received the other day because you have time at the bottom of the safe-muntly field that it's safe time for someone to give me information.
I am in duty bound not to give.